Revise Canton limitations for malicious participants (#169)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.6.0/docs/canton/architecture/requirements/requirements.rst

Security
^^^^^^^^

* **Malicious Participants:**

>   Canton performs a number of security checks in the protocol, e.g., to ensure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Canton protocol performs a number of security checks; e.g. ensuring
```

  that the ledger is well-authorized and a malicious participant cannot

>   impersonate another participant. In the case that malicious behavior is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  impersonate another participant. If malicious behavior is
```

>   detected a participant may stop processing to avoid a corruption of its state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  detected, a participant may stop processing to avoid corrupting its state.
```
